CC-32057 Updated Marketplace Merchant, Warehouse User Management and Glue Authentication features. (#2435)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/migrate-to-decoupled-glue-infrastructure/decoupled-glue-infrastructure-integrate-the-authentication.md

| UserOauthUserProviderPlugin                                   | Gets the user based on the authorization client.                                                         | Spryker\\Zed\\OauthUserConnector\\Communication\\Plugin\\Oauth                         |
| UserPasswordOauthRequestGrantTypeConfigurationProviderPlugin  | Builds `OauthGrantTypeConfigurationTransfer` from the configuration of Password GrantType data.          | Spryker\\Zed\\Oauth\\Communication\\Plugin\\Oauth                                      |
| UserRequestValidatorPlugin                                    | Validates if `GlueRequestTransfer.requestUser` is set if the request has the Authorisation header.   | Spryker\\Glue\\OauthBackendApi\\Plugin\\GlueApplication                                |
| BackofficeUserOauthScopeAuthorizationCheckerPlugin            | Executes the authorization check based on the Back Office user OAuth scope.                                   | Spryker\Zed\OauthUserConnector\Communication\Plugin\OauthUserConnector                 |

> | OauthUserScopeProtectedRouteAuthorizationConfigProviderPlugin | Provides Oauth users authorization strategy configuration.                                            | Spryker\Glue\OauthUserConnector\Plugin\GlueBackendApiApplicationAuthorizationConnector |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OauthUserScopeProtectedRouteAuthorizationConfigProviderPlugin | Provides the configuration of Oauth user authorization strategy.                                            | Spryker\Glue\OauthUserConnector\Plugin\GlueBackendApiApplicationAuthorizationConnector |
```

> | OauthUserScopeAuthorizationStrategyPlugin                     | Processes Oauth users an authorization request.                                                         | Spryker\Zed\OauthUserConnector\Communication\Plugin\Authorization                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OauthUserScopeAuthorizationStrategyPlugin                     | Processes the authorization requests of Oauth users.                                                         | Spryker\Zed\OauthUserConnector\Communication\Plugin\Authorization                      |
```
